I'm cat toys don't really deep either
boat how many you got there it's all
probably dozen and a half and that's
just been in the past five minutes I had
two of them
pretty good you got your ups and downs
yes party yeah overall have been pretty
good been has been pretty good all yeah
yeah despite the economy right yeah it's
a little slow it has been but still home
happy you know we got going until Sunday
you know pulling a few off everyday cuz
everything slowed down quite a bit yeah
efficient is pretty good nighttime
they're doing real good
mm-hmm how's the fishing generally been
I mean the decent runs a smell yeah they
come and go they would do good one day
they will do nothing the next day and
then right back around it's pretty
typical last night they've done real
good we had a couple guys there they had
a payoff I can all feel yeah yeah
yeah we just got our wine set up so good
that when you have so far
something to do and we love to eat him